do you love ice cream I love ice cream I
love ice cream when it's really hot here
in Seville then I scream for ice cream
annie from taiwan loves ice cream too
she's asked me if i can make a video
about how to order ice cream well let's
have a look shall we
we've got here three cones one two three
we've got a strawberry calm like
chocolate calm and a vanilla call to
order these ice creams you'd ask for
three single cones please one strawberry
one chocolate one vanilla but not all
ice cream comes in comes some ice cream
comes on a stick we call these ice
lollies the ice-cream man uses a scoop
to scoop ice cream into the cones here
we've got two single cones and one
double cone we also call these cornets
so if you wanted to buy these you'd ask
for two single cornets and a double
kornet one single corner with a scoop of
chocolate ice cream and hundreds and
thousands which are these colored things
on top of the ice cream you'd order a
double corner please with two scoops of
strawberry ice cream and chocolate
hundreds and thousands and a single
kornpett with vanilla ice cream and a
chocolate coating now this is a
different type of ice cream this is
called whipped ice cream or Wicky it
comes in a cone and to order these you'd
ask for three cones please one vanilla
one vanilla in chocolate and one
chocolate now this is one of my favorite
ways to eat ice cream it's called a
banana split there's a banana that's
been split and in the middle we
have ice cream and fresh cream so I'd
like a banana split please with two
scoops of vanilla ice cream and lashings
of fresh cream this is another way to
eat ice cream this is a sundae but you
can eat it any day of the week this is a
banana and fudge sundae so can I have a
banana and fudge sundae please another
way to eat ice cream is to eat it with
something else in this case a slice of
apple pie and two scoops of vanilla ice
cream so in a restaurant you'd say can I
have a slice of apple pie with two
scoops of vanilla ice cream please and
finally we've got two fruit pancakes
with a scoop of ice cream I hope you
never again have any trouble ordering an
ice cream in English